[http://code.google.com/p/redcap/ <back to homepage]
=REDCAP INSTALLATION GUIDE=

= Preface =
!RedCap installation on your gameserver is quite easy, but you must carefully follow this installation guide or !RedCap will not run properly.
Actually !RedCap has only been tested on Linux server with ssh access. It can probably run on Windows server but I have no feedback about it.

=Installation steps=
  # Check the [http://code.google.com/p/redcap/wiki/RedCap minimal requirements] to run !RedCap. If they are not satisfied you cannot run the !RedCap.
  # Download last !RedCap version from [http://code.google.com/p/redcap/downloads/list here].
  # Unzip it on your local PC: a folder named *{{{Redcap_1.0_Beta_(yyyymmdd)}}}* will be created.
  # Suggestion: rename this folder with a easier and shorter name (i.e. RC10).
  # Open the file *{{{M_CONF.py}}}* and configure it as explained [http://code.google.com/p/redcap/wiki/RedCap_config_file here]. _This is a very important step. If !RedCap is not properly configured it will hung up_. 
  # Once *{{{M_CONF.py}}}* is properly configured do not forget to save it.
  # FTP transfer the entire !RedCap folder to your gameserver. It is strongly suggested to put the !RedCap folder into the same folder of gameserver log.
  # Assign execution permission (rwx-rw-rw or 755) to the following files: _{{{S_start.sh, S_prestart.sh, S_full_restart.sh}}}_
  # Check your gameserver configuration file for the following lines (_you can also set g_loghits "0", but !RedCap in that case will not give any info about hits)_. If someone of the below mentioned lines has been modified, restart the gameserver.
    * {{{seta g_logsync "1"}}}
    * {{{seta g_logroll "0"}}}
    * {{{seta logfile "2"}}}
    * {{{seta g_loghits "1"}}}
  # If previous points has been correctly done, your !RedCap is now ready to run!

=Running the !RedCap=
There are four different shell files for manage !RedCap start and/or automatic restart. All of them are based on a bash linux shell. If you want to run !RedCap on a _Windows gameserver_, you must correspondingly modify these files:

  * *{{{S_start.sh}}}* _Basic start of !RedCap_
    Run directly *{{{S_start.sh}}}* from a ssh console is mostly for debugging and it is *not* suggested for normal !RedCap use, because when you shut down ssh console, !RedCap will stop.

  * *{{{S_prestart.sh}}}* _Autostart of !RedCap_  
    Run *{{{S_prestart.sh}}}* from ssh console is a good solution if you are not interested in an autorestart of the Urban Terror gameserver. It is based on Unix [http://ss64.com/bash/screen.html screen] command. in ssh console move to {{{S_prestart.sh}}} folder and type this command *./S_prestart.sh*. When ssh console is closed !RedCap continues to run as a separate process called  {{{Redcap_1Beta}}}.

  * *{{{start_urt.sh}}}* _Autostart of !RedCap and Urban Terror_
    If you plan to use *{{{start_urt.sh}}}* you must copy it from DOC/ folder to the main gameserver directory (where ioUrTded.i386 is), and assign it chmod 775. The use of {{{start_urt.sh}}} is the best way to run !RedCap and it is intended as a replacement of Urban Terror starting script: it starts and stops toghether with the Urban Terror gameserver. On the other side you must have the rights for _correctly modify_ this file in order to run.

  * *{{{S_full_restart.sh}}}* _Autorestart of !RedCap and Urban Terror_
    The file *{{{S_full_restart.sh}}}* is just a hardlink to {{{start_urt.sh}}}. You can use it only if {{{start_urt.sh}}} is enabled. This file is used by !RedCap for a gameserver full restart when required.