#summary Configuration file guide.

= Preface =
The file *M_CONF.py* includes all the parameters you need to config for a correct running of RedCap.

M_CONF.py is a python text file and it can be edited with whatever text editor. In order to have a good visualization I strongly suggest to use code editors like [http://www.geany.org Geany] or Notepad++ and not text processors as Word or Notepad.

Do not forgot to save M_CONF.py with _*.py*_ extension. A different extension will like .txt or .doc will prevent RedCap to start.

= Config vars =

* THESE PARAMETERS _MUST_ BE CONFIGURED OR REDCAP WILL NOT RUN PROPERLY!!! *
||
||{{{NomeFileLog}}}|| "../games.log"||    _Relative path of gameserver log_||

||{{{AdminGuids}}} ||["XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"]*|| _Guid in this field is automatically enabled to the highest admin level (level 100)_||
||
*{{{SV_Baseconf}}} = "xxxxxx.cfg"*  _Name of gameserver base config file_

*{{{SV_UrtPath}}} = "../../../q3ut4"*    _Relative path of Urban Terror  q3ut4 folder_

*{{{SV_MapCycle}}} =  "xxxxxx.cfg"*    _Name of cyclemap config file_

*{{{Sck_ServerRcon}}} = "XXXXXXXX"*   _Gameserver rcon password_

*{{{Sck_ServerIP}}} =  "xxx.yyy.zzz.kkk"*      _Gameserver IP address_

*{{{Sck_ServerPort}}} = 27960* _Gameserver IP port_

* THESE PARAMETERS **MUST** BE CONFIGURED IF  _{{{Website_ON = True}}}_ OR REDCAP WILL NOT RUN PROPERLY!!! *

{{{Website_ON = False #(True or False) True if you want to use RedCap web features (rank and chatlog  FTP transfer to auxiliary website)
w_url = 'www.yoursite.com'      #FTP url of auxiliary website
w_login = '*******' #FTP login of auxiliary website
w_password = '********' #FTP password of auxiliary website
w_ftp_directory = '/httpdocs/serverstats', #Remote relative path of folder used by RedCap for FTP transfer
w_directory = '/serverstats' #Remote relative url of folder used by RedCap for FTP transfer}}}

### ==================================================================  ###
### THESE PARAMETERS *CAN* BE CONFIGURED IN ORDER TO CUSTOMIZE YOUR REDCAP   ###
### ==================================================================  ###
#PLAYER
KickForSpace = True #(True or False) If True RedCap kicks a spect when gameserver is full. Admins cannot be kicked.
maxSlap = 10 #Max. slap number to be used with !s[num] command. If num > 10 then num = 10.

#RECORD
MinPlayers = 4 #Min. number of active players for registering a record
MinNotoriety = 0 #Min. notoriety level required to a player for registering a record

#CONSOLE SPAMS
RecordSpam = True #(True or False) If True, Redcap periodically spams records in chat
CustomSpam = True #(True or False) If True, Redcap periodically spams sentences stored in spam.txt,
Spamtime = 140 #Time between two consecutive spams

#REDCAP
botname = "^8RC| " #prefix of Redcap outputs (#TODO not used yet)
RC_lang = "ITA" #Language localization for RedCap. ITA only #TODO (ENG FRA and others. See M_ITA.py for translation procedure)
gameserver_autorestart = 2 #Automatically restart the Gameserver: 0: no restart 1: daily restart 2: restart when empty.