#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= RedCap =


= Features list=
  # Exhaustive chat command set with more than 30 different commands (See [RedCap_User_guide full command list]).
  # Fully customizable configuration (See [RedCap_config_file full configuration guide])
  # Anticheat control: !RedCap kiks for bad guid, in game guid change, nick rotation hack.
  # Anti flooding control (fully customizable)
  # Irregular nickname (customizable through a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression regexp])
  # Bad words censoring (customizable through a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression regexp] list)
  # Player skill calculation system based on statistic kill expectancy, opponent skill and opposite team mean skill.
  # General player stats showing skill, killstreak, hit distributionand more...
  # IP recording in stats.
  # Player alias recording in stats.

Sample of remote webrank:
[http://flic.kr/p/aK479F]

= Credits & Licence =
RedCap has been developed from scratch by bw|Lebbra!

Download and use of RedCap is free of charge for non-commercial use under GNU/GPL 2

Copyright (C) 2011 Alessandro Verdoni

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.