#summary How the skill works

[http://code.google.com/p/redcap/ <back to homepage]
=REDCAP SKILL GUIDE=

=Preface=
What is the skill in !RedCap and how it works?

As the word itself says, the skill is a number that try to evaluate the ability and experience of a Urban Terror player. Of course we not expect that the value found by !RedCap was a absolute and infallible measure of everyone skill. It is just a clue, because player skill depends from a lot of different parameters: internet connection quality, played map, player training, team cooperation and so on...

In any case facts demonstrates that !RedCap skill system works very well (after some hundred of rounds has been played) and good players (i.e. belonging to a national team) always have the best skill levels, while newcomers are mostly in the negative part of the ranking.

=How it works?=
Most of old bots used a simply kills/deaths (K/D) ratio to assign player's skill, but this raw procedure has a lots of bugs and workaround:
  * To play constantly against low level players grants a high K/D ratio
  * A "camping" behaviour grants higher skills, because usually a good rusher could end a map with, example, 17-6 score that means a K/D = 2,83; A camper could easily end a map with a 6-2, corresponding to K/D=3.
  * Playing with the stronger or larger team usually grants a better score and ratio.

!RedCap skill system try to avoid this weakness using a more elaborate algorithm based on a statistic expectancy ratio depending from opponent skill and opponent team mean skill. Two additional non linear balancing coefficients take in count unbalanced teams and the fact that a player with a few rounds could still have a wrong skill.


Let say:
  * K = Killer's skill
  * V = Victim's skill
  * Kt = Killer's team mean skill
  * Vt = Killer's team mean skill
  * Rk = Killer's played rounds
  * Rv = Victim's played rounds
  * Nr = Number of active players in Red team
  * Nb = Number of active players in Blue's team
  * S = Theoric skill range
  * T = Parameter considering weight of Killer's team mean skill compared  to Killer's skill
  * Z = How many kills against an equivalent opponent you have to achieve to gain 1 skill point
  
  * Dsk_K = Killer's skill variation
  * Dsk_V = Victim's skill variation

And let say:

KTbv = (1-math.tanh((K-Vt)/S))/Z and Kbv = (1-math.tanh((V-K)/S))/Z

VTbv = (1-math.tanh((V-Kt)/S))/Z and Vbv = (1-math.tanh((K-V)/S))/Z

we obtain:

*Dsk_K = (Nr/Nb)^0,75^(T KTbv+(1-T) Kbv)(1 + (1000/(Rk^1.2^ + 60)))*    Killer' skill variation

*Dsk_V = -(Nr/Nb)^0,75^(T VTbv+(1-T) Vbv)(1 + (1000/(Rv^1.2^ + 60)))*    Victim's skill variation

=Newcomers coefficient=
When a new, unregistered player arrive on server, !RedCap has no idea about his skill level, so initial skill level is 0; this could lead to wrong skill evaluation for him and for other players. 

Suppose that this _New_urt_player_ is a pro gamer that just reinstall UrT: a kill from him will result in a skill lost greater than necessary. Viceversa if _New_urt_player_ is really a noob, killing him you will gain more skill than necessary.

!RedCap skill system minimize this problem applying an _aging coefficient_ to skill variation: 

*SK_aging = 1 + 1000/(rounds^1.2 + 60)

This coefficient allows a _rapid_ skill variation in the first rounds, slowing down after some round, when _New_urt_player_'s skill is going to be defined.